first we'll understand the water
as a chemical substance substance and
therefore a substance composed of what
because it is formed by two elements
hydrogen and oxygen chemicals
the water molecule has two atoms of
hydrogen and an oxygen atom h2o2 is
called a compound substance because it is
formed by the two chemical elements
It is important that we understand the
water molecule first
the difference between these two elements
hydrogen and oxygen they have a
large difference in electronegativity
electronegativity is the tendency of a
atom attract electrons
in this way the oxygen has high
electronegativity attract many
electrons the hydrogen has low
electronegativity ie it does not attract
the electrons with so much force
and what this generates generates a
very strong popularity pole reminds
The aunt has a positive pole and a
negative pole
The water molecule also has a
positive pole actually two poles
positive than a negative pole
reminds me that I said that oxygen attracts
electrons very easily have
high electronegativity so it ends
attracting them by attracting the electrons to
near him and the hydrogens
getting away electrons
the electron has negative charge and therefore
oxygen gets a popularity
negative while the hydrogens are
with positive popularity
This is interesting, it only generates this
polarity due to this angle
formed does not even remember that water is a
molecule and this angle is that
allows this polarity are strong
and what this polarity will generate
Look here
the attraction between the poles the positive pole
of a molecule of water attracts the pole
of another molecule of water and
this has a very important name is the
the hydrogen bond of
a molecule binds with oxygen from
another molecule
this causes the water molecules and
generating interact strongly with each other
two very important things
first a surface tension
Note that some mosquitoes can
walk over love apple over a
water surface because because the
water molecules will draw from a
so strong way
through this hydrogen bond that
creates this surface tension
something quite interesting is the
next as the molecules are being
attracted very strongly to
separating them makes it more difficult
means to separate them from the state
liquid to the gaseous state
now if it is not easy to move to the
liquid state for the
gaseous state it is necessary that the
temperature is high
in this way the boiling temperature
of the water or of the passage of the liquid
for the gaseous is high around 100
degrees Celsius
that way we can
chemically explain some
physical properties of water
good staff another property
of water is the fact that it is a
good 'regulatory term ie
presents a property that allows
than the medium where there is a large amount
is a regulated intermediate
thermal energy suit
temperature very well
something that has a lot of
water is the human body
looks only due to the large amount of
water in the human body is possible
homeostasis or the balance of
the only one in your body with both
on substances entering and leaving the
water can solubilize these
substances with large amounts of water
cells in your blood in your
permits tissue to hold a quantity
of vitamins an amount of
amino acids an amount of
substances in the construction and
regulation of your body and also with
relation to personal body temperature
the human body needs to stay in a
temperature of about 36 36.5
degrees celsius if it were not for the large
amount of water would be impossible to
regular people at temperature because
because the temperature outside would be
variable in relation to our organism
to be determinant in the temperature of the
our body in another place where you
also has water as an important
regulatory task is in the forest
in the Amazon rainforest there is a
large amount of water vapor that
water vapor that is vaporized from lakes
rivers rises and when it reaches the
trees
this water condenses generating that we
we call convection rains in
certain points of the Amazon rainforest
this causes that there organism forest
Amazonian organism
the Amazon forest biome it is
regulated by the water at temperature is
regulated by water
so there you will not have a big
thermal amplitude you have a low
thermal amplitude, ie the
temperatures in the Amazon remain
always high is approximately 30 between
25 and 30 degrees celsius will not have a
large thermal amplitude as per
example the deserts that at night are
extremely cold and extremely day
because the amount of
water is small there
and what is the physical property of
water that allows this thermoregulation to
heat specific personal value
specific water one calorie per gram
degrees celsius or to increase 1
of the skies of a gram of water is
needed a calorie
what does this mean compared to
metals that exhibit a greater variation
thermal specific value of water is higher
that is when the increase in heat
specific substance
has more specific heat it goes
hold more heat or will have a
lower thermal amplitude less variation
temperature and water therefore due to
this property allows the regulation of the
your body and regulation for example
of certain regions of the Amazon forest